there should be a hole over here
somewhere on the right
obviously we drove by in the spring it
was gray and clear
I'll buy you I'm finding the ground
fairly quiet I don't know it was a
feeble little ox but oh what's in my
pants one thing's for certain sweet
piece of a suspender clip
it's probably like it's not iron it's
not brass or anything probably ten yeah
give me a about a fifty fifty-five
Remington range 12-gauge coin that's
right I'm thick once this is the 48th
one today wasn't registering much more
than what's in the shotgun shell range
I'm so close to the hole I figured I'd
diggety one me refocus gotta shut it off
and just that again nice complete got a
design on it
that is pretty neat make some kind of
strap button some buckle or something
yeah then pin went through here yeah
this way
what's it looks familiar
oh whoa little brass hooky do it's one
of them I don't know what it is but I
got one
yeah no no you have it how's living in
that thing lead
get a design on it can't tell what it is
though definitely get some designs
that's good
yeah right off the road didn't bother
had an old iron grunt to it but
otherwise it was 70 to 80 nice yeah
where'd a third seller hole for the day
the other two were non-productive got
lettering on it to get some nice words
on it the Buxton Buxton manufacturing
company what are you gonna do about it
box ton or a screw cap maybe still need
a lot of beer cans gotta be good
I think it's a sealed bearing casing
well it was screaming at me oh it wasn't
all that bad it was fun we didn't find
any life-changing finds but I'm glad you
guys came out hope you had fun we'll do
it again soon but we'll find gold
Bob picks up the pace and doesn't keep
losing crap the Bob lost his pin pointer
and jmo lost his digger thanks for
watching and we'll see you again soon